                      Freeware License Agreement
                      --------------------------

This Freeware Software License Agreement, applies to all software products
available for download from NeoCom.ca website that are labeled as freeware.
All software available for download from NeoCom.ca website are copyright NeoCom
Ltd. unless stated otherwise.  Copyright law protects this software program
and all associated materials. NeoCom Ltd.  retains title to and ownership
in the copyright of the software program and the associated  materials.

Freeware License Rights: All software products available for download from
NeoCom.ca website,  unless labeled otherwise, are provided as freeware.
Freeware products are provided free of  charge. Occasionally the copyright
holder may post a request for a donation in support of  this software. This type
of request does not change the classification of this software as  freeware.
Freeware software may be used as many times as you like, for as long as you
like.  You may copy and distribute copies of this program. You must not charge
money or fees for the  software product to anyone except to cover distribution
costs. The copyright holder reserves  the right to reclassify this software as a
non-freeware product at a later date (i.e. shareware  of public domain). Doing
so will not modify the license agreement of previously distributed  executables.
You may not modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise
discover  or disassemble the software. You do not have the right to create
derivative works of the Software  and you agree not to attempt to reverse
engineer and/or modify the Software’s source code. You  may not rent, lend,
assign, lease or transfer rights to the software.

Warranty: This program is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind,
either expressed or  implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness  for a particular purpose. The entire
risk as to the quality and performance of the program is  with you. Should the
program prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing,  repair
or correction. In no event will any copyright holder be liable to you for
damages,  including any general, special, incidental or consequential damages
arising out of the use or  inability to use the program (including but not
limited to loss of data or data being rendered  inaccurate or losses sustained
by you or third parties or a failure of the program to operate  with any other
programs).

Technical Support: Technical support may be provided via e-mail and/or website
postings. While  every effort will be made to provide timely technical support
no guarantees whatsoever are implied  that technical support will be provided or
that technical support, when provided, will be accurate.  Freeware software
offered from NeoCom.ca website is basically unsupported and supplied on an as-is
basis.

Code distribution: Occasionally portions of the source code of this software may
be provided via  e-mail or posting on associated website. Any such source code
is provided as public domain, unless  labeled otherwise. Public domain code is
not copyrighted. Such code is released to the public  domain as a service to the
programming community. You may use it for any purpose whatsoever without
restriction, for free, and without giving credit to the author(s).

Agreement: By using this software product you are automatically agreeing to and
show that you have  read and understood the terms and conditions contained
within this Freeware Software License  Agreement. This Freeware Software License
Agreement is then effective while you use and continue to  make use of these
software products. If you do not agree with this Freeware Software License
Agreement you must not use software products downloaded from NeoCom.ca website -
this Freeware  Software License Agreement will then not apply to you. This
Freeware Software License Agreement is  subject to change without notice.

Any company names, logos, mottoes and product names mentioned or shown on
associated website or in  software products may be copyright, trademarked or
registered trademarked by their respective  owners.


Copyright (C) 2004-2007, NeoCom Ltd.
